hello me and my friend here i'm going to
do a very recited documentary on how
five an hour energy can be bad for
children under the age of 72 hi um I
have a five hour energy right here oh
yes look and yes read what's on there
actually hours of energy now no crash
later now remember the no crash later
because we're going to see in a little
bit what really happens so you're free
sugar free I doubt it I doubt it too but
it could be true and then only four
calories okay those throughout the
bottom but remember than no crash like
it was I'm gonna print this wow it was
that five hour energy should kick in in
just a little bit about two minutes to
be exact yeah it works in two minutes to
four minutes where but until then we're
going to tell you some jokes let's start
with the cameraman who's look Wanda 12 I
don't know where I left my keys that's a
good one okay knock knock who is the
clock fuck it it's a good thing I
copying I was almost like oh oh that was
such a good one that was better than
mine motivation okay you have any more
um no and in fact it's about to kick in
in about 10 seconds okay good oh wait
you might already be jump-starting oh
what's he gonna do oh god I really Oh
what's the problem did oh oh oh it's
good I thought probably wasn't the best
idea what was that hydrogen peroxide
topicals we should what nevermind that's
a great idea oh yeah we might want to
leave this room before you kill anyone
all right okay good going here ok stairs
bad idea my god oh no no no that's not a
good idea dude don't do it honestly did
not get out on to the retain you yeah I
don't believe this this is horrible ah
alright not the best idea of yours I can
live with it possibly yeah really not a
good idea oh alright you know before we
started filming I had a little sit too
let's just say what can happen alright
not hurt oh ok I'm still really not well
you know as you can see five hour energy
can do some horrible things to you worse
than sld or acid or LSD correction LSD
and acid which is why we will report
this to the government for not only
trying to ban energy drinks yes i have
made that clear to the public 5-hour
energy is attempting to ban all other
energy drink
but can we just think about this for a
second the x games without monster
without rockstar without Red Bull this
is horrible everything would be five
hour and six hour energy that's horrible
as you can see this major crash which is
why we will indeed report these men
these horrible horrible companies to the
government thank you and good night